CA-C25L: WEB PROGRAMMING LAB
1. Create a form with the elements of Textboxes, Radio buttons, Checkboxes, and so on. Write JavaScript code to validate the format in email, and mobile number in 10 characters, If a textbox has been left empty, popup an alert indicating when email, mobile number and textbox has been left empty.
2. Develop an HTML Form, which accepts any Mathematical expression. Write JavaScript code to Evaluate the expression and Display the result.
3. Create a page with dynamic effects. Write the code to include layers and basic animation.
4. Write a JavaScript code to find the sum of N natural Numbers. (Use user-defined function)
5. Write a JavaScript code block using arrays and generate the current date in words, this should include the day, month and year.
6. Create a form for Student information. Write JavaScript code to find Total, Average, Result and Grade.
7. Create a form for Employee information. Write JavaScript code to find DA, HRA, PF, TAX, Gross pay, Deduction and Net pay.
8. Write a program in PHP to change background color based on day of the week using if else if statements and using arrays .
9. Write a simple program in PHP for i) generating Prime number ii) generate Fibonacci series.
10. Write a PHP program to remove duplicates from a sorted list.
11. Write a PHP Script to print the following pattern on the Screen:
*****
****
***
**
*
12. Write a simple program in PHP for Searching of data by different criteria
13. Write a function in PHP to generate captcha code
14. Write a Program to store and read image from Database.
15. Write a program in PHP to read and write file using form control.
16. Write a program in PHP to add, update and delete using student database.
17. Write a program in PHP to Validate Input
18. Write a program in PHP for setting and retrieving a cookie
19. Write a PHP program to Create a simple webpage of a college.
20. Write a program in PHP for exception handling for i) divide by zero ii) checking date format.